if you're looking for cheap and reliable
coins check the link in description for
fifa coins on the summer for to pump one
ok on the Xbox and about to pound per
100km the PlayStation use the code Josh
five to get five percent off what's a
blood structure and welcome back to a
new episode of your favorite players and
today's video is going to be covering
five mile plains that you guys have
suggested in the comments from last
video and this one is going to be a
pretty awesome episode as well we're
going to be talking about a lot of
decent players and a lot of opie players
so let's get straight to the episode of
your favorite players episode 3 moving
on to the first player guys we're going
to be talking about your favorite player
and this is the one that I've suggested
all the one that you guys I suggest we
should I say from the comments is going
to be this guy who's commented I'm I
would love to see your name but I think
that's some type of Saudi Arabian
language and of course I don't speak
Saudi Arabian so yeah thanks for the
comment rate but I'm kind of struggling
to say that name so and he basically
said Ibrahimovic from fifa 12 he was so
cheap and powerful and I completely
agreed this guy was an absolute monster
he was the best Ibrahimovic on all
fevers in my personal opinion he was the
best to use he cost like just under 40k
I've a glee remember him always being
about 36 to 38 thousand coins and this
guy was you know absolutely awesome on
on this game he had 79 pays 89 shot 78
passing 87 drooling and 82 heading this
guy was absolutely phenomenal and of
course he i loved using 5 stars killers
on fifa 12 and 13 and even few 411 as
well and that was when i first started
getting into all my team and it was just
the funnest years of fifa and yeah he
was definitely one of my favorite
Ibrahimovic to use and that was on p 4
12 so let's move on to the next player
and moving on to the next suggestion
guys your favorite player is going to be
s 1 commented by mike m and he said s
wine in fifa 13 this guy was so
overpowered and once again I have to
agree this guy was the ultimate sweat
machine on fifa 13 90 page 70 shooting
75 dribbling and 73 heading all on a 75
rated striker card which literally came
out of nowhere and then obviously the
the past papers that were after this one
he literally turned from I think
straight into a silver and onto one of
the wings it was either left I think it
was a left wing and he just doesn't
really get used much anymore because of
course when he was at stryker it was
much easier to gaming teams that it was
you know obviously he was incredibly
opie on fifa
13 and he also was just I mean it was
ridiculously easy to link with people in
the Bundesliga and everybody used him in
their Bundesliga squads with like him a
barmy an executor acceptor a Royce there
was just so many incredible links to
have with him and he was definitely it
was definitely Opie so yeah he was your
one of your favorite players and moving
on to the next suggestion guys we've
taken a comment from the last video and
this guy's name is I XO games and he
said Wigan Coney well basically
currently from Wigan on fifa 13 and he
was absolutely phenomenal i think he was
actually a non rare as well if i'm not
mistaken i think it was an armed rebel
like i said before on the last episode
footed don't actually seem to have any
nom records from past FIFA's so
unfortunately we have we are avid to
showcase him as a rare but I'm pretty
sure he was a non rare and he was
ridiculously good seven year itch
striker for Wigan he had 87 page 73
shooting 58,000 78 rippling and 76
heading for stas comas unforced our weak
foot this guy was in absolutely every
single Barclays Premier League team him
I think Remy Remy was one of the striker
partnerships that I used to use and some
of those as well but Coney was
ridiculously good and that forced us
comers was you know a very versatile
thing to use with a search of sweaty
player so yeah he was definitely one of
your favorite place I'm moving on to the
next suggestion guys we've got a comment
from bus van crooning I think that's how
you pronounce it also very strange looks
like a duck named so pretty cool name if
they actually gone name and but I'm
sorry if I butchered that but anyway he
said a bar me out from fifa 14 the sweat
was over 9000 scored me is so many girls
loving that little dragon ball z
reference there and but yeah I have to
agree absolutely fantastic striker on
fifa 14 it was probably one of my most
used players because a fifa 14 was like
literally all about swear everybody and
was was was there to win the game and
brits like that on fifa 15 as well
nowadays unfortunately it's not about
the phone anymore it's all about scoring
as many goals and you know and it
doesn't matter how you score and me
we're just it can be tram goals header
goals you know running from halfway line
and scoring goals it's just you know any
goals counts and it's not about the this
sort of game play anymore it's about how
many goals you can score and but I've
army and used to score me plot you know
bloody plenty of them and that can
imagine he scored a lot of them for you
guys because
this guy's starts with absolutely
ridiculous and then actually after this
we found pretty sure in 15 and
pressurize that right winger now so and
not as many people can abused him while
it was a tight strike a role but if you
still use them in like a four three two
one on the right wing and he's just in a
still insanely good but I'm just not as
good as he was as a strike on fifa 14
but eight-year age dragon 95 pay semi
six shots every passing 78 dribbling and
76 heading a really awesome card and
apparently he was one of your favorites
as well as one of mine and moving on to
the final suggestion of this episode
guys we're going to be talking about for
bit co maclee from fifa 13 and the
gaming guy 28 commented mikkeli from 15
keeping it short and simple thank you
for the comment and a lot of people
actually got behind this 5 funds up
obviously you guys were agreeing with
him mikkeli obviously one of what was
one of your favorite players and um in
fee for 12 he was absolutely amazing and
in fifa 13 look at these stats they were
absolutely ridiculous for an 82 range
striker 82 record strike at 85 pace 85
shooting 86 dribbling and 80 passing and
somehow EA spelled this out as a ATT
wreckage striker overall it didn't make
sense to me whatsoever and this guy in
game was absolutely ridiculous very slow
very very quick and very agile very
small as well so you know he was you
know incredibly agile incredibly
skillful as well because he had forced
our skill moves and he was just one of
one of the very many good players on
fifa 13 but in the Serie A Team you
would see this guy mainly a lot and he
was very very cheap it was like 2k coins
at max and everybody used this guy when
they had a Serie A Team if there was
trying to win the game you would just
see mikkeli and probably Balotelli or
mikkeli and that's that Diego millet
millet millet ccat remember his name
placement emani's argentinian striker
i'm pretty sure you guys will know who
i'm talking about but yeah mikkeli was
absolutely fantastic but after this game
he literally went missing he didn't see
him in another FIFA's since fifa 13 or
fifa 12 and i don't know where the hell
he went so if you know where he went let
me know in the comments but yeah apart
from that Mikal it was one of your
favorite players thank you guys for
watching it in an episode of a few for
11 to 15 your favorite players comment
down below any of your favorite players
and I will cover
them in the next episode and yeah I'm
not like you guys watching if you didn't
really leave the library subscribe to my
channel if you're near they follow me up
to a criminal or I'm parking lot guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow peace